[Versa Director] Update response data formats (#31327)
demisto/content: Packs/VersaDirector/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations

##### Versa Director

> - Updated the requests with an XML response data type to a JSON response data type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the requests getting an XML response data type to recieve a JSON response data type.
```
